# Design Updates

This page documents updates to the visual appearance of Scale.

## Component Update (Optimized Mobile and Visual Design)

26.10.2022

**Visual and functionality changes**

- Slider: optimized the design and expanded on the overall functionality
- Radio Buttons: optimized the selected interactive state
- Tags: optimized the current colors and added predefined colors
- Switch: revised the design and added a variant for Android
- Tab Navigation: optimized the visual design

<br>

**Optimized for touch-screen devices**

The following components have been resized to make them easier to use on touch screens:

- Radio Button
- Radio Button Group
- Checkbox
- Checkbox Group

<br>

**Removed small variants**

The following components have been adjusted in height and are now only available in one size on Scale. If you need a different size, you can change the components with CSS overwrite.

- Text Field
- Dropdown
- Dropdown Select
- Date Picker
- Pagination

We continue to support the small and large button sizes. The height of the large button was also adjusted.

<br>

**Accessibility**

Information text now contains icons to support people with color vision deficiency (often referred to as color blindness). These are the updated components:

- Text Field
- Text Area
- Dropdown
- Dropdown Select
- Radio Button
- Radio Button Group
- Checkbox
- Checkbox Group

<br>

**Sketch library**

The changes above have also been applied to our Sketch library. In addition, we’ve optimized the icons for the following components:

- Buttons
- Text Field
- Text Area
- Rating Stars
- Switch
- Dropdown
- Text List
- Table

Please note: some small variants are no longer supported or available in the library. If you use such variants, you can replace them with the new standard size by clicking Layer ➔ Replace With. Here is an overview of the removed components:

| Component       | Previous variant size | New variant name | Replaced with |
| --------------- | --------------------- | ---------------- | ------------- |
| Text Field      | Small                 | ❌               | Standard      |
|                 | Large                 | Standard         | –             |
| Dropdown        | Small                 | ❌               | Standard      |
|                 | Large                 | Standard         | –             |
| Dropdown Select | Small                 | ❌               | Standard      |
|                 | Large                 | Standard         | –             |
| Date Picker     | Small                 | ❌               | Standard      |
|                 | Large                 | Standard         | –             |
| Pagination      | Small                 | ❌               | Standard      |
|                 | Large                 | Standard         | –             |
| Table           | Small                 | Standard         | –             |
|                 | Large                 | ❌               | Standard      |

**Color tokens**

The new UI colors white and black are well suited when the color is identical in dark and light mode.

## New dropdown select beta component

02.08.22

The dropdown menu is now an integrated part and is no longer generated by the browser as in the [current version](./?path=/docs/components-dropdown--standard). This makes the component less error-prone. In particular, errors that could occur when switching between light and dark modes are now avoided.

We aim to deprecate the [Dropdown](./?path=/docs/components-dropdown--standard) component in favour of the newly released beta [Dropdown Select](./?path=/docs/beta-components-dropdown-select--standard) as soon as new component gets our of the beta phase.

## Simplification of UI color tokens

11.07.22

We have simplified the structure of UI colors and removed duplications. You can find <a href="https://github.com/telekom/design-tokens/pull/192#issuecomment-1178815001" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">a detailed overview of the changes here</a>.

## Refinements to the Color Palette

23.06.22

Color updates:

- New color category (on-subtle) for texts on colored backgrounds of the gradation Subtle
- New color scale Yellow
- New color scale Cyan
- New color scale Green
- New color scale Red
- New color scale Orange
- New color scale Blue

Color value changes:

- Updated text color function
- Updated background color function
- Updated Brown scale
- Updated Violet scale
- Updated Teal scale
- Updated Olive scale
- Updated gray value for Disabled in dark mode

Removed colors:

- The Interaction category was removed due to duplication. If you want to use these colors, you can use the Blue color scale

Affected content:

- All error states and notifications, as well as warning and success messages of the respective components
- These components: Notification Banner, Notification Message, and Notification Toast
- Color tokens (color updates, color value changes)

## Light and dark mode

19.04.22

- The Scale components are now also available in dark mode.
- The color palette has been optimized.
- The design token concept has been optimized and extended with semantic tokens.
- The text styles have been optimized.

Affected content:

All components

> Please note that the following components make use of Telekom brand and design assets — including but not limited to the logos, the color magenta, the typeface and icons, as well as the footer and header components — and are **not open source** and **not available for free use**. They require Deutsche Telekom's express permission for use in commerce.

<p><a href="sketch://add-library?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.brand-design.telekom.com%2Fsketch-light.rss" rel="nofollow" class="matomo_download">Telekom Scale Components (Light)</a><br /><a href="sketch://add-library?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.brand-design.telekom.com%2Fsketch-dark.rss" rel="nofollow" class="matomo_download">Telekom Scale Components (Dark)</a></p>

[Release Notes](./?path=/docs/new-release-release-notes--page)<br>
[Sketch Library Update](./?path=/docs/new-release-sketch-library-update--page)<br>
[Design Tokens](./?path=/docs/guidelines-design-tokens--page)<br>
[Typography](./?path=/docs/guidelines-typography--page)<br>
[Colors](./?path=/docs/guidelines-colors--page)<br>
[Shadows](./?path=/docs/guidelines-shadows--page)<br>

## Roundings

11.11.2021

- Element roundings have been harmonized for better visual appearance.  
  <br>
  Affected Content: <br>
  [Brand Header](./?path=/docs/components-brand-header-navigation--standard)  
  [Card](./?path=/docs/components-card--standard)  
  [Data Grid](./?path=/docs/components-data-grid--standard)  
  [Date Picker](./?path=/docs/components-date-picker--standard)  
  [Dropdown](./?path=/docs/components-dropdown--standard)  
  [Flyout Menu](./?path=/docs/components-flyout-menu--standard)  
  [Footer](./?path=/docs/components-footer--standard)  
  [Modal](./?path=/docs/components-modal--standard)  
  [Pagination](./?path=/docs/components-pagination--standard)  
  [Table](./?path=/docs/components-table--standard)  
  [Tag](./?path=/docs/components-tag--standard)  
  [Text Area](./?path=/docs/components-text-area--standard)  
  [Text Field](./?path=/docs/components-text-field--standard)

## Link color & underline

13.9.2021

- The default link color has been updated to blue-60. This way we ensure better contrasts and accessibility.
- The option to use a link without underline has been added.  
  <br>
  Affected Content: <br>
  [Link](./?path=/docs/components-link--standard)
