packages/storybook-vue/stories/components/text-field/TextField.stories.mdx, before:

import {
  Meta,
  Story,
  ArgsTable,
  Canvas,
  Description,
} from '@storybook/addon-docs';
import ScaleTextField from './ScaleTextField.vue';
import { action } from '@storybook/addon-actions';
export const ICON =
  'M16.471,8.321 L12.613594,0.502886112 L8.755,8.321 L0.126435258,9.57533801 L6.37,15.66 L4.89610548,24.2548735 L12.613,20.197 L20.3310826,24.2548735 L18.856,15.66 L25.1007528,9.57533801 L16.471,8.321 Z M9.41891527,9.23556376 L12.613,2.761 L15.8082728,9.23556376 L22.951,10.273 L17.7826928,15.3122039 L19.003,22.427 L12.613594,19.067774 L6.223,22.427 L7.44449521,15.3122039 L2.275,10.273 L9.41891527,9.23556376 Z';

<Meta
  title="Components/Text Field"
  component={ScaleTextField}
  argTypes={{
    resize: {
      control: {
        type: 'select',
        options: ['unset', 'none', 'vertical', 'horizontal'],
      },
    },
    type: {
      control: {
        type: 'select',
        options: [
          'email',
          'hidden',
          'number',
          'password',
          'tel',
          'text',
          'date',
          'month',
          'week',
          'time',
          'datetime-local',
        ],
      },
    },
    inputModeType: {
      control: {
        type: 'select',
        options: [
          'none',
          'text',
          'decimal',
          'numeric',
          'tel',
          'search',
          'email',
          'url',
        ],
      },
    },
    size: {
      table: {
        type: { summary: 'string' },
      },
      description: `(optional) DEPRECATED - css overwrite should replace size`,
      control: { type: null },
    },
  }}
/>

export const Template = (args, { argTypes }) => ({
  components: { ScaleTextField },
  props: {
    label: String,
    ...ScaleTextField.props,
  },
  template: `
  <div style="padding: 20px 0 20px 0;">
    <scale-text-field
      :name="name"
      :type="type"
      :input-mode-type="inputModeType"
      :label="label"
      :helper-text="helperText"
      :invalid="invalid"
      :variant="variant"
      :max-length="maxLength"
      :min-length="minLength"
      :max="max"
      :min="min"
      :placeholder="placeholder"
      :disabled="disabled"
      :readonly="readonly"
      :required="required"
      :counter="counter"
      :value="value"
      :aria-details-id="ariaDetailsId"
      :input-id="inputId"
      :input-autofocus="inputAutofocus"
      :input-autocomplete="inputAutocomplete"
      :experimental-controlled="experimentalControlled"
      :hide-label-visually="hideLabelVisually"
      @scaleChange="scaleChange"
      @scaleFocus="scaleFocus"
      @scaleBlur="scaleBlur"
      @scaleKeyDown="scaleKeyDown"
    ></scale-text-field>
    </div>
  `,
  methods: {
    scaleChange: action('scaleChange'),
    scaleFocus: action('scaleFocus'),
    scaleBlur: action('scaleBlur'),
    scaleKeyDown: action('scaleKeyDown'),
  },
});

export const StorySectionsTemplate = (args, { argTypes }) => ({
  components: { ScaleTextField },
  props: {
    label: String,
    ...ScaleTextField.props,
  },
  template: `
    <scale-text-field
      :name="name"
      :type="type"
      :input-mode-type="inputModeType"
      :label="label"
      :helper-text="helperText"
      :invalid="invalid"
      :variant="variant"
      :max-length="maxLength"
      :min-length="minLength"
      :max="max"
      :min="min"
      :placeholder="placeholder"
      :disabled="disabled"
      :readonly="readonly"
      :required="required"
      :counter="counter"
      :value="value"
      :input-id="inputId"
      :input-autofocus="inputAutofocus"
      :input-autocomplete="inputAutocomplete"
      :experimental-controlled="experimentalControlled"
      @scaleChange="scaleChange"
      @scaleFocus="scaleFocus"
      @scaleBlur="scaleBlur"
      @scaleKeyDown="scaleKeyDown"
    ></scale-text-field>
  `,
  methods: {
    scaleChange: action('scaleChange'),
    scaleFocus: action('scaleFocus'),
    scaleBlur: action('scaleBlur'),
    scaleKeyDown: action('scaleKeyDown'),
  },
});

<div
  style={{
    display: 'inline-flex',
    alignItems: 'center',
    justifyContent: 'space-between',
    width: '100%',
  }}
>
  <h1>Text Field</h1>
  <img src="assets/aa.png" alt="Accessible AA" />
</div>

## Standard

<Canvas withSource="none">
  <Story
    name="Standard"
    args={{
      label: 'An input',
    }}
  >
    {Template.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

<ArgsTable story="Standard" />

### Scoped CSS variables

```css
scale-text-field {
  --transition: all var(--telekom-motion-duration-transition) var(
      --telekom-motion-easing-standard
    );
  --radius: var(--telekom-radius-standard);
  --border: var(--telekom-spacing-composition-space-01) solid var(
      --telekom-color-ui-border-standard
    );
  --border-error: var(--telekom-spacing-composition-space-02) solid var(
      --telekom-color-functional-danger-standard
    );
  --border-success: var(--telekom-spacing-composition-space-02) solid var(
      --telekom-color-functional-success-standard
    );
  --border-warning: var(--telekom-spacing-composition-space-02) solid var(
      --telekom-color-functional-warning-standard
    );
  --border-color-hover: var(--telekom-color-ui-border-hovered);
  --border-color-focus: var(--telekom-color-ui-border-hovered);
  --border-color-disabled: var(--telekom-color-ui-border-disabled);
  --background-color-hover: var(--telekom-color-ui-state-fill-hovered);
  --background-color-disabled: none;
  --focus-outline: var(--telekom-line-weight-highlight) solid var(
      --telekom-color-functional-focus-standard
    );
  --height: 44px;
  --spacing-x: var(--telekom-spacing-composition-space-05);
  --color-disabled: var(--telekom-color-text-and-icon-disabled);
  --background-disabled: none;
  --border-color-readonly: var(--telekom-color-ui-border-disabled);
  --background-readonly: var(--telekom-color-ui-disabled);

  /* meta */
  --font-weight-meta: var(--telekom-line-weight-bold);
  --font-size-meta: var(--telekom-typography-font-size-small);
  --line-height-meta: var(--telekom-typography-line-spacing-standard);
  --spacing-y-meta: var(--telekom-spacing-composition-space-03);
  --color-meta: var(--telekom-color-text-and-icon-standard);
  --color-meta-error: var(--telekom-color-text-and-icon-functional-danger);

  /* control */
  --spacing-control: 1.125rem calc(
      2rem - var(--telekom-spacing-composition-space-01)
    ) 0.25rem calc(0.75rem - var(--telekom-spacing-composition-space-01));
  --transition-control: var(--transition);
  --background-control: var(--telekom-color-ui-state-fill-standard);
  --margin-bottom-control: var(--telekom-spacing-composition-space-03);

  /* counter */
  --transition-counter: var(--transition);
  --color-counter-error: var(--color-meta-error);

  /* helper-text */
  --font-size-helper-text: var(--telekom-typography-font-size-small);
  --line-height-helper-text: 1.35;
  --font-weight-helper-text: var(--telekom-typography-font-weight-bold);
  --color-helper-text: var(
    --telekom-color-text-and-icon-functional-informational
  );
  --color-helper-text-error: var(--color-meta-error);
  --color-helper-text-success: var(
    --telekom-color-text-and-icon-functional-success
  );
  --color-helper-text-warning: var(
    --telekom-color-text-and-icon-functional-warning
  );
  --color-helper-text-neutral: var(--telekom-color-text-and-icon-additional);
  --helper-text-icon-size: 11px;

  /* placeholder */
  --transition-placeholder: var(--transition);
  --color-placeholder: var(--telekom-color-text-and-icon-additional);

  /* label */
  --color-label: var(--telekom-color-text-and-icon-additional);
  --color-label-readonly: var(--telekom-color-text-and-icon-standard);
  --z-index-label: var(--scl-z-index-10);
  --transition-label: var(--transition);
}
```

## Text With Events

<Canvas withSource="none">
  <Story
    name="Text With Events"
    args={{
      label: 'Text With Events',
    }}
  >
    {StorySectionsTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

```html
<scale-text-field id="text-field" label="Text With Events"></scale-text-field>

<script>
  const textField = document.getElementById('text-field');
  textField.addEventListener('scale-change', (event) => {
    /* ... */
  });
  textField.addEventListener('scale-blur', (event) => {
    /* ... */
  });
  textField.addEventListener('scale-focus', (event) => {
    /* ... */
  });
  textField.addEventListener('scale-keydown', (event) => {
    /* ... */
  });
</script>
```

## Placeholder

<Canvas withSource="none">
  <Story
    name="Placeholder"
    args={{
      label: 'Placeholder',
      placeholder: 'this is the placeholder',
    }}
  >
    {StorySectionsTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

```html
<scale-text-field
  label="Placeholder"
  placeholder="this is the placeholder"
></scale-text-field>
```

## Helper Text

<Canvas withSource="none">
  <Story
    name="Helper Text"
    args={{
      label: 'Helper Text',
      helperText: 'Make sure to fill this',
    }}
  >
    {StorySectionsTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

```html
<scale-text-field
  label="Helper Text"
  helper-text="Make sure to fill this"
></scale-text-field>
```

## With Error

<Canvas withSource="none">
  <Story
    name="With Error"
    args={{
      label: 'With Error',
      invalid: true,
      helperText: 'Something is wrong',
    }}
  >
    {StorySectionsTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

```html
<scale-text-field
  label="With Error"
  helper-text="Something is wrong"
  invalid
></scale-text-field>
```

## With Warning

<Canvas withSource="none">
  <Story
    name="With Warning"
    args={{
      label: 'With Warning',
      variant: 'warning',
      helperText: 'Something with warning',
    }}
  >
    {StorySectionsTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

```html
<scale-text-field
  label="With Error"
  helper-text="Something with warning"
  variant="warning"
></scale-text-field>
```

## With Success

<Canvas withSource="none">
  <Story
    name="With Success"
    args={{
      label: 'With Success',
      variant: 'success',
      helperText: 'Something is successful',
    }}
  >
    {StorySectionsTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

```html
<scale-text-field
  label="With Success"
  helper-text="Something is successful"
  variant="success"
></scale-text-field>
```

## Disabled

<Canvas withSource="none">
  <Story
    name="Disabled"
    args={{
      label: 'Disabled',
      disabled: true,
    }}
  >
    {StorySectionsTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

```html
<scale-text-field label="Disabled" disabled></scale-text-field>
```

## Read Only

<Canvas withSource="none">
  <Story
    name="Read Only"
    args={{
      label: 'Read only',
      readonly: true,
      value: 'This cannot be changed',
    }}
  >
    {StorySectionsTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

```html
<scale-text-field
  label="Read only"
  value="This cannot be changed"
  readonly
></scale-text-field>
```

## Max Length With Counter

<Canvas withSource="none">
  <Story
    name="Max Length With Counter"
    args={{
      label: 'Max Length With Counter',
      maxLength: 10,
      counter: true,
    }}
  >
    {StorySectionsTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

```html
<scale-text-field
  label="Max Length With Counter"
  max-length="10"
  counter
></scale-text-field>
```

Commit message:

fix: reverted to ariaDetailedId + description added to storybook

packages/storybook-vue/stories/components/text-field/TextField.stories.mdx, after:

import {
  Meta,
  Story,
  ArgsTable,
  Canvas,
  Description,
} from '@storybook/addon-docs';
import ScaleTextField from './ScaleTextField.vue';
import { action } from '@storybook/addon-actions';
export const ICON =
  'M16.471,8.321 L12.613594,0.502886112 L8.755,8.321 L0.126435258,9.57533801 L6.37,15.66 L4.89610548,24.2548735 L12.613,20.197 L20.3310826,24.2548735 L18.856,15.66 L25.1007528,9.57533801 L16.471,8.321 Z M9.41891527,9.23556376 L12.613,2.761 L15.8082728,9.23556376 L22.951,10.273 L17.7826928,15.3122039 L19.003,22.427 L12.613594,19.067774 L6.223,22.427 L7.44449521,15.3122039 L2.275,10.273 L9.41891527,9.23556376 Z';

<Meta
  title="Components/Text Field"
  component={ScaleTextField}
  argTypes={{
    resize: {
      control: {
        type: 'select',
        options: ['unset', 'none', 'vertical', 'horizontal'],
      },
    },
    type: {
      control: {
        type: 'select',
        options: [
          'email',
          'hidden',
          'number',
          'password',
          'tel',
          'text',
          'date',
          'month',
          'week',
          'time',
          'datetime-local',
        ],
      },
    },
    inputModeType: {
      control: {
        type: 'select',
        options: [
          'none',
          'text',
          'decimal',
          'numeric',
          'tel',
          'search',
          'email',
          'url',
        ],
      },
    },
    size: {
      table: {
        type: { summary: 'string' },
      },
      description: `(optional) DEPRECATED - css overwrite should replace size`,
      control: { type: null },
    },
    ariaDetailedId: {
      table: {
        type: { summary: 'string' },
      },
      description: `(optional) Id of the element with additional information, will be used as aria-details. In case helperText is not provided, will be used as aria-describedBy`,
      control: { type: null },
    },
  }}
/>

export const Template = (args, { argTypes }) => ({
  components: { ScaleTextField },
  props: {
    label: String,
    ...ScaleTextField.props,
  },
  template: `
  <div style="padding: 20px 0 20px 0;">
    <scale-text-field
      :name="name"
      :type="type"
      :input-mode-type="inputModeType"
      :label="label"
      :helper-text="helperText"
      :invalid="invalid"
      :variant="variant"
      :max-length="maxLength"
      :min-length="minLength"
      :max="max"
      :min="min"
      :placeholder="placeholder"
      :disabled="disabled"
      :readonly="readonly"
      :required="required"
      :counter="counter"
      :value="value"
      :aria-detailed-id="ariaDetailedId"
      :input-id="inputId"
      :input-autofocus="inputAutofocus"
      :input-autocomplete="inputAutocomplete"
      :experimental-controlled="experimentalControlled"
      :hide-label-visually="hideLabelVisually"
      @scaleChange="scaleChange"
      @scaleFocus="scaleFocus"
      @scaleBlur="scaleBlur"
      @scaleKeyDown="scaleKeyDown"
    ></scale-text-field>
    </div>
  `,
  methods: {
    scaleChange: action('scaleChange'),
    scaleFocus: action('scaleFocus'),
    scaleBlur: action('scaleBlur'),
    scaleKeyDown: action('scaleKeyDown'),
  },
});

export const StorySectionsTemplate = (args, { argTypes }) => ({
  components: { ScaleTextField },
  props: {
    label: String,
    ...ScaleTextField.props,
  },
  template: `
    <scale-text-field
      :name="name"
      :type="type"
      :input-mode-type="inputModeType"
      :label="label"
      :helper-text="helperText"
      :invalid="invalid"
      :variant="variant"
      :max-length="maxLength"
      :min-length="minLength"
      :max="max"
      :min="min"
      :placeholder="placeholder"
      :disabled="disabled"
      :readonly="readonly"
      :required="required"
      :counter="counter"
      :value="value"
      :input-id="inputId"
      :input-autofocus="inputAutofocus"
      :input-autocomplete="inputAutocomplete"
      :experimental-controlled="experimentalControlled"
      @scaleChange="scaleChange"
      @scaleFocus="scaleFocus"
      @scaleBlur="scaleBlur"
      @scaleKeyDown="scaleKeyDown"
    ></scale-text-field>
  `,
  methods: {
    scaleChange: action('scaleChange'),
    scaleFocus: action('scaleFocus'),
    scaleBlur: action('scaleBlur'),
    scaleKeyDown: action('scaleKeyDown'),
  },
});

<div
  style={{
    display: 'inline-flex',
    alignItems: 'center',
    justifyContent: 'space-between',
    width: '100%',
  }}
>
  <h1>Text Field</h1>
  <img src="assets/aa.png" alt="Accessible AA" />
</div>

## Standard

<Canvas withSource="none">
  <Story
    name="Standard"
    args={{
      label: 'An input',
    }}
  >
    {Template.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

<ArgsTable story="Standard" />

### Scoped CSS variables

```css
scale-text-field {
  --transition: all var(--telekom-motion-duration-transition) var(
      --telekom-motion-easing-standard
    );
  --radius: var(--telekom-radius-standard);
  --border: var(--telekom-spacing-composition-space-01) solid var(
      --telekom-color-ui-border-standard
    );
  --border-error: var(--telekom-spacing-composition-space-02) solid var(
      --telekom-color-functional-danger-standard
    );
  --border-success: var(--telekom-spacing-composition-space-02) solid var(
      --telekom-color-functional-success-standard
    );
  --border-warning: var(--telekom-spacing-composition-space-02) solid var(
      --telekom-color-functional-warning-standard
    );
  --border-color-hover: var(--telekom-color-ui-border-hovered);
  --border-color-focus: var(--telekom-color-ui-border-hovered);
  --border-color-disabled: var(--telekom-color-ui-border-disabled);
  --background-color-hover: var(--telekom-color-ui-state-fill-hovered);
  --background-color-disabled: none;
  --focus-outline: var(--telekom-line-weight-highlight) solid var(
      --telekom-color-functional-focus-standard
    );
  --height: 44px;
  --spacing-x: var(--telekom-spacing-composition-space-05);
  --color-disabled: var(--telekom-color-text-and-icon-disabled);
  --background-disabled: none;
  --border-color-readonly: var(--telekom-color-ui-border-disabled);
  --background-readonly: var(--telekom-color-ui-disabled);

  /* meta */
  --font-weight-meta: var(--telekom-line-weight-bold);
  --font-size-meta: var(--telekom-typography-font-size-small);
  --line-height-meta: var(--telekom-typography-line-spacing-standard);
  --spacing-y-meta: var(--telekom-spacing-composition-space-03);
  --color-meta: var(--telekom-color-text-and-icon-standard);
  --color-meta-error: var(--telekom-color-text-and-icon-functional-danger);

  /* control */
  --spacing-control: 1.125rem calc(
      2rem - var(--telekom-spacing-composition-space-01)
    ) 0.25rem calc(0.75rem - var(--telekom-spacing-composition-space-01));
  --transition-control: var(--transition);
  --background-control: var(--telekom-color-ui-state-fill-standard);
  --margin-bottom-control: var(--telekom-spacing-composition-space-03);

  /* counter */
  --transition-counter: var(--transition);
  --color-counter-error: var(--color-meta-error);

  /* helper-text */
  --font-size-helper-text: var(--telekom-typography-font-size-small);
  --line-height-helper-text: 1.35;
  --font-weight-helper-text: var(--telekom-typography-font-weight-bold);
  --color-helper-text: var(
    --telekom-color-text-and-icon-functional-informational
  );
  --color-helper-text-error: var(--color-meta-error);
  --color-helper-text-success: var(
    --telekom-color-text-and-icon-functional-success
  );
  --color-helper-text-warning: var(
    --telekom-color-text-and-icon-functional-warning
  );
  --color-helper-text-neutral: var(--telekom-color-text-and-icon-additional);
  --helper-text-icon-size: 11px;

  /* placeholder */
  --transition-placeholder: var(--transition);
  --color-placeholder: var(--telekom-color-text-and-icon-additional);

  /* label */
  --color-label: var(--telekom-color-text-and-icon-additional);
  --color-label-readonly: var(--telekom-color-text-and-icon-standard);
  --z-index-label: var(--scl-z-index-10);
  --transition-label: var(--transition);
}
```

## Text With Events

<Canvas withSource="none">
  <Story
    name="Text With Events"
    args={{
      label: 'Text With Events',
    }}
  >
    {StorySectionsTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

```html
<scale-text-field id="text-field" label="Text With Events"></scale-text-field>

<script>
  const textField = document.getElementById('text-field');
  textField.addEventListener('scale-change', (event) => {
    /* ... */
  });
  textField.addEventListener('scale-blur', (event) => {
    /* ... */
  });
  textField.addEventListener('scale-focus', (event) => {
    /* ... */
  });
  textField.addEventListener('scale-keydown', (event) => {
    /* ... */
  });
</script>
```

## Placeholder

<Canvas withSource="none">
  <Story
    name="Placeholder"
    args={{
      label: 'Placeholder',
      placeholder: 'this is the placeholder',
    }}
  >
    {StorySectionsTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

```html
<scale-text-field
  label="Placeholder"
  placeholder="this is the placeholder"
></scale-text-field>
```

## Helper Text

<Canvas withSource="none">
  <Story
    name="Helper Text"
    args={{
      label: 'Helper Text',
      helperText: 'Make sure to fill this',
    }}
  >
    {StorySectionsTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

```html
<scale-text-field
  label="Helper Text"
  helper-text="Make sure to fill this"
></scale-text-field>
```

## With Error

<Canvas withSource="none">
  <Story
    name="With Error"
    args={{
      label: 'With Error',
      invalid: true,
      helperText: 'Something is wrong',
    }}
  >
    {StorySectionsTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

```html
<scale-text-field
  label="With Error"
  helper-text="Something is wrong"
  invalid
></scale-text-field>
```

## With Warning

<Canvas withSource="none">
  <Story
    name="With Warning"
    args={{
      label: 'With Warning',
      variant: 'warning',
      helperText: 'Something with warning',
    }}
  >
    {StorySectionsTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

```html
<scale-text-field
  label="With Error"
  helper-text="Something with warning"
  variant="warning"
></scale-text-field>
```

## With Success

<Canvas withSource="none">
  <Story
    name="With Success"
    args={{
      label: 'With Success',
      variant: 'success',
      helperText: 'Something is successful',
    }}
  >
    {StorySectionsTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

```html
<scale-text-field
  label="With Success"
  helper-text="Something is successful"
  variant="success"
></scale-text-field>
```

## Disabled

<Canvas withSource="none">
  <Story
    name="Disabled"
    args={{
      label: 'Disabled',
      disabled: true,
    }}
  >
    {StorySectionsTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

```html
<scale-text-field label="Disabled" disabled></scale-text-field>
```

## Read Only

<Canvas withSource="none">
  <Story
    name="Read Only"
    args={{
      label: 'Read only',
      readonly: true,
      value: 'This cannot be changed',
    }}
  >
    {StorySectionsTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

```html
<scale-text-field
  label="Read only"
  value="This cannot be changed"
  readonly
></scale-text-field>
```

## Max Length With Counter

<Canvas withSource="none">
  <Story
    name="Max Length With Counter"
    args={{
      label: 'Max Length With Counter',
      maxLength: 10,
      counter: true,
    }}
  >
    {StorySectionsTemplate.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

```html
<scale-text-field
  label="Max Length With Counter"
  max-length="10"
  counter
></scale-text-field>
```
