packages/components/src/components/segmented-button/readme.md, before:

# scale-segmented-button-group



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property               | Attribute                | Description                                                  | Type                             | Default                                  |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | -------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------- |
| `ariaLabelTranslation` | `aria-label-translation` | (optional) aria-label attribute needed for icon-only buttons | `string`                         | ``segment button with $slottedSegments`` |
| `disabled`             | `disabled`               | (optional) If `true`, the button is disabled                 | `boolean`                        | `false`                                  |
| `fullWidth`            | `full-width`             | (optional) If `true`, expand to container width              | `boolean`                        | `false`                                  |
| `helperText`           | `helper-text`            | (optional) If `true`, show error message                     | `string`                         | `'Please select an option'`              |
| `invalid`              | `invalid`                | (optional) If `true`, show error message                     | `boolean`                        | `false`                                  |
| `label`                | `label`                  | (optional) Button label                                      | `string`                         | `undefined`                              |
| `longestButtonWidth`   | `longest-button-width`   |                                                              | `string`                         | `undefined`                              |
| `multiSelect`          | `multi-select`           | (optional) Allow more than one button to be selected         | `boolean`                        | `false`                                  |
| `selectedIndex`        | `selected-index`         | (optional) the index of the selected segment                 | `number`                         | `undefined`                              |
| `size`                 | `size`                   | (optional) The size of the button                            | `"large" \| "medium" \| "small"` | `'small'`                                |
| `styles`               | `styles`                 | (optional) Injected CSS styles                               | `string`                         | `undefined`                              |


## Events

| Event          | Description                                                                                        | Type               |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------ |
| `scale-change` | Emitted when button is clicked                                                                     | `CustomEvent<any>` |
| `scaleChange`  | <span style="color:red">**[DEPRECATED]**</span> in v3 in favor of kebab-case event names<br/><br/> | `CustomEvent<any>` |


## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [scale-helper-text](../helper-text)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  scale-segmented-button --> scale-helper-text
  scale-helper-text --> scale-icon-alert-information
  scale-helper-text --> scale-icon-alert-error
  scale-helper-text --> scale-icon-action-success
  style scale-segmented-button fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

fix:#2400 infinite recursion in scale segmented button (#2421)
* fix: prevent event loop by distinguishing user and programmatic selection in scaleClick event

* fix: format code with prettier

* fix: fix linter errors

* fix: some temporary test code

* fix: simplified and prevent double emits of scale-click-events

* fix: add toggle test to html page for changing the selected state

* fix: add documentation

* fix: prepare for pr

---------

Co-authored-by: Michael Obst <michael.obst@telekom.de>

packages/components/src/components/segmented-button/readme.md, after:

# scale-segmented-button-group



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property               | Attribute                | Description                                                  | Type                             | Default                                  |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | -------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------- |
| `ariaLabelTranslation` | `aria-label-translation` | (optional) aria-label attribute needed for icon-only buttons | `string`                         | ``segment button with $slottedSegments`` |
| `disabled`             | `disabled`               | (optional) If `true`, the button is disabled                 | `boolean`                        | `false`                                  |
| `fullWidth`            | `full-width`             | (optional) If `true`, expand to container width              | `boolean`                        | `false`                                  |
| `helperText`           | `helper-text`            | (optional) If `true`, show error message                     | `string`                         | `'Please select an option'`              |
| `invalid`              | `invalid`                | (optional) If `true`, show error message                     | `boolean`                        | `false`                                  |
| `label`                | `label`                  | (optional) Button label                                      | `string`                         | `undefined`                              |
| `longestButtonWidth`   | `longest-button-width`   |                                                              | `string`                         | `undefined`                              |
| `multiSelect`          | `multi-select`           | (optional) Allow more than one button to be selected         | `boolean`                        | `false`                                  |
| `selectedIndex`        | `selected-index`         | (optional) the index of the selected segment                 | `number`                         | `undefined`                              |
| `size`                 | `size`                   | (optional) The size of the button                            | `"large" \| "medium" \| "small"` | `'small'`                                |
| `styles`               | `styles`                 | (optional) Injected CSS styles                               | `string`                         | `undefined`                              |


## Events

| Event          | Description                                                                                                                         | Type               |
| -------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------ |
| `scale-change` | Emitted when button is clicked. Not emitted in case of programmatic state changes (e.g. the `selected` state is set by the skript). | `CustomEvent<any>` |
| `scaleChange`  | <span style="color:red">**[DEPRECATED]**</span> in v3 in favor of kebab-case event names<br/><br/>                                  | `CustomEvent<any>` |


## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [scale-helper-text](../helper-text)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  scale-segmented-button --> scale-helper-text
  scale-helper-text --> scale-icon-alert-information
  scale-helper-text --> scale-icon-alert-error
  scale-helper-text --> scale-icon-action-success
  style scale-segmented-button fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
