packages/storybook-vue/stories/components/chip/chip.md, before:

<div style="display: inline-flex; align-items: center; justify-content: space-between; width: 100%;">
    <h1>Chip</h1>
    <img src="assets/beta.png" alt="Beta Component" />
</div>

Chips are contextual components that allow users to filter content or trigger actions.

## General

Chips consist of relevant keywords in a container. They often appear dynamically (triggered by a user action) and as a group.

### When to use

Use chips to:

- give users filtering possibilities,
- display the filters users set, or
- suggest options to users (search criteria, possible answers).

### When not to use

Don’t use chips when:

- you want to mark a category (use tags instead) or
- you can use a button instead.

## Basic types

![Image Name](assets/3_components/chip/Chips-Types.png)

### Persistent chips

Persistent chips are an integral part of the UI and can be selected and deselected.

![Image Name](assets/3_components/chip/Chips-Persistent-Default.png)

**Example 1 – Default** <br/>
A group of filter options as an integral part of the UI.

![Image Name](assets/3_components/chip/Chips-Persistent-Selected.png)

**Example 1 – Filter selected** <br/>
Users can recognize selected filters with the checkmark icon.

### Dynamic chips

Dynamic chips fade in or out after a user action.

![Image Name](assets/3_components/chip/Chips-Dynamic-Example1.png)

**Example 1** <br/>
The chip appears after users set a filter. Clicking/tapping on the close icon hides it again and resets the filter.

![Image Name](assets/3_components/chip/Chips-Dynamic-Example_Chatbot2.png)

**Example 2** <br/>
A set of possible responses in a chat. After clicking/tapping on the chip, it fades out again.

## Variants

![Image Name](assets/3_components/chip/Standard_Chip.png)

Chips can be displayed in two variants: standard and outline.

### Disabled state

![Image Name](assets/3_components/chip/chips-disabled-en.png)

In the disabled state, the chip's interactive function is switched off. Use this state when an interaction can’t occur due to permissions or dependencies.

### Element

![Image Name](assets/3_components/chip/Chips-elements.png)

#### Label (1)

The label of the chip should be short and easily understandable.

#### Checkmark icon (2)

Depending on the type, the close icon or checkmark icon is displayed.

#### Icon (3) (optional)

Add an icon if it makes it easier for users to understand the function of the chip.

## Best practice

### Chips in groups

- Arrange chips horizontally or vertically.
- Vertical layouts are suitable, for example, for a side menu that should integrate groups of chips.
- Chips arranged horizontally are often located above the content they refer to.
- Word the label as precisely as possible.

## Related components

[Tag](?path=/usage/components-tag--standard),
[Button](?path=/usage/components-button--standard),
[Segmented Button](?path=/usage/beta-components-segmented-button--standard),
[Checkbox Group](?path=/usage/components-checkbox-group--standard)

Commit message:

Refactor/storybook (#1523)
* feat: adding beta component paragraph to segmented button and chip
* refactor: renaming deprecated components to deprecated

packages/storybook-vue/stories/components/chip/chip.md, after:

<div style="display: inline-flex; align-items: center; justify-content: space-between; width: 100%;">
    <h1>Chip</h1>
    <img src="assets/beta.png" alt="Beta Component" />
</div>

Chips are contextual components that allow users to filter content or trigger actions.

## General

Chips consist of relevant keywords in a container. They often appear dynamically (triggered by a user action) and as a group.

### When to use

Use chips to:

- give users filtering possibilities,
- display the filters users set, or
- suggest options to users (search criteria, possible answers).

### When not to use

Don’t use chips when:

- you want to mark a category (use tags instead) or
- you can use a button instead.

## Basic types

![Image Name](assets/3_components/chip/Chips-Types.png)

### Persistent chips

Persistent chips are an integral part of the UI and can be selected and deselected.

![Image Name](assets/3_components/chip/Chips-Persistent-Default.png)

**Example 1 – Default** <br/>
A group of filter options as an integral part of the UI.

![Image Name](assets/3_components/chip/Chips-Persistent-Selected.png)

**Example 1 – Filter selected** <br/>
Users can recognize selected filters with the checkmark icon.

### Dynamic chips

Dynamic chips fade in or out after a user action.

![Image Name](assets/3_components/chip/Chips-Dynamic-Example1.png)

**Example 1** <br/>
The chip appears after users set a filter. Clicking/tapping on the close icon hides it again and resets the filter.

![Image Name](assets/3_components/chip/Chips-Dynamic-Example_Chatbot2.png)

**Example 2** <br/>
A set of possible responses in a chat. After clicking/tapping on the chip, it fades out again.

## Variants

![Image Name](assets/3_components/chip/Standard_Chip.png)

Chips can be displayed in two variants: standard and outline.

### Disabled state

![Image Name](assets/3_components/chip/chips-disabled-en.png)

In the disabled state, the chip's interactive function is switched off. Use this state when an interaction can’t occur due to permissions or dependencies.

### Element

![Image Name](assets/3_components/chip/Chips-elements.png)

#### Label (1)

The label of the chip should be short and easily understandable.

#### Checkmark icon (2)

Depending on the type, the close icon or checkmark icon is displayed.

#### Icon (3) (optional)

Add an icon if it makes it easier for users to understand the function of the chip.

## Best practice

### Chips in groups

- Arrange chips horizontally or vertically.
- Vertical layouts are suitable, for example, for a side menu that should integrate groups of chips.
- Chips arranged horizontally are often located above the content they refer to.
- Word the label as precisely as possible.

## Beta components

This component is still in the beta phase. When testing it, keep in mind that it may not have gone through all quality control measures, and it may not yet have WCAG accessibility certification. There may be changes to this component in the future.

## Related components

[Tag](?path=/usage/components-tag--standard),
[Button](?path=/usage/components-button--standard),
[Segmented Button](?path=/usage/beta-components-segmented-button--standard),
[Checkbox Group](?path=/usage/components-checkbox-group--standard)
