# About Scale

The Scale design system is a new way for teams to design, prototype and build products.

## Production-ready UI components for design and development

Scale provides matching design assets and frontend code components. This facilitates collaboration between design and development teams and frees up considerable resources in product design processes.

## Always in sync

Design assets and code components in Scale are based on a single source of truth. As such, they are always in sync and up to date. Using the default theme provided means the visual design is approved by Brand and Design.

## Production ready for popular frameworks

Scale design assets are built to work in Sketch, while the code components are compatible with major frontend frameworks like Vue, React, and Angular (or even as "vanilla" web components). [Learn more about web components.](https://webcomponents.org)

## Enabling best-in-class experiences

Scale helps save time during UI design, brand alignment, design hand-off, prototyping, frontend development, and testing. The time saved can create space to solve specific challenges for the user and build custom components matching your individual product use case.

## Use some or all of our components

With Scale the choice is yours: you can either use it as the basis for your entire product UI design or pick specific elements to use in your frontend.

## Accessibility out of the box

Scale components fulfill the technical requirements for providing an AA accessibility level, making them safe to use for internal as well as client-facing web development projects.

## Collaboration throughout the enterprise

Scale enables designers and developers to contribute to the community and make both new and improved components available to everyone using the design system.

## Full theming capabilities

Scale allows theming for all its components. By using overwrites or custom themes, you can adjust styles to your specific product, brand, audience, and use case. You can even use it to provide services for third-party brands.
