# Privacy Policy

## General information

The protection of your personal data is a high priority for Deutsche Telekom AG. It is important to us to inform you about which personal data is collected, how it is used and what design options you have.

## 1. Where can I find the information that is important for me?

This **data privacy notice** provides an overview of the points that apply to the processing of your data in this web portal by Deutsche Telekom AG. Further information, including information on data privacy in special products, is available at https://www.telekom.com/de/verantwortung/datenschutz-und-datensicherheit/datenschutz.

## 2. Who is responsible for data processing? Who can I contact if I have questions about data privacy at Deutsche Telekom AG?

The data controller is Deutsche Telekom AG, Friedrich-Ebert-Allee 140, 53113 Bonn. If you have any questions, please contact our customer service or our data privacy officer, Dr. Claus D. Ulmer, Friedrich-Ebert-Allee 140, 53113 Bonn, >> **[datenschutz@telekom.de](mailto:datenschutz@telekom.de)**.

## 3. What rights do I have?

You have the right,

<ol type="a">
  <li>to request information on the categories of data processed, the purposes of processing, any recipients of the data, the planned storage period (Art. 15 FADP);</li>
  <li>to demand the correction or completion of incorrect or incomplete data (Art. 16 GDPR)</li>
  <li>to revoke a granted consent at any time with effect for the future (Art. 7 para. 3 GDPR);</li>
  <li>to object to data processing which is to be carried out on the basis of a legitimate interest, for reasons arising from your particular situation (Art. 21 para. 1 DPA)</li>
  <li>to demand the deletion of data in certain cases within the scope of Art. 17 GDPR - in particular if the data are no longer required for the intended purpose or are processed unlawfully, or you have revoked your consent in accordance with above (c) or have declared an objection in accordance with above (d);</li>
  <li>under certain conditions, to demand the restriction of data if deletion is not possible or the obligation to delete is disputed (Art. 18 GDPR);</li>
  <li>on data transferability, i.e. you can receive the data you have provided us with in a common machine-readable format such as CSV and, if necessary, transfer it to others (Art. 20 GDPR;)</li>
  <li>complain to the competent supervisory authority about data processing (for telecommunications contracts: Federal Commissioner for Data Privacy and Freedom of Information; otherwise State Commissioner for Data Privacy and Freedom of Information of North Rhine-Westphalia).</li>
</ol>

## 4. Who does Deutsche Telekom AG pass on my data to?

**To processors**, i.e. companies that we commission with the processing of data within the framework provided by law, Art. 28 GDPR (service providers, vicarious agents). Deutsche Telekom AG remains responsible for the protection of your data in this case as well. We commission companies in particular in the following areas: IT, sales, marketing, finance, consulting, customer service, human resources, logistics, printing.

**To cooperation partners** who are responsible for providing services for you or in connection with your telecommunications security contract. This is the case if you commission services of such partners from us or if you consent to the integration of the partner or if we integrate the partner on the basis of a legal permit.

**Due to legal obligation:** In certain cases, we are legally obliged to transmit certain data to the requesting governmental authority.

## 5. Where will my data be processed?

Your data will be processed in Germany and other European countries. If, in exceptional cases, your data is also processed in countries outside the European Union (i.e. in so-called third countries), this will take place if you have expressly consented to this or if it is necessary for our service provision to you or if it is required by law (Art. 49 GDPR). In addition, your data will only be processed in third countries if certain measures ensure that an appropriate level of data privacy exists (e.g. appropriateness decision of the EU Commission or so-called suitable guarantees, Art. 44ff. GDPR).

## 6. What data is collected, how is it used and how long is it stored?

<ol type="a">
  <li>**Technical features:** When you visit our websites, the web server temporarily records the domain name or IP address of your computer, the file request of the client (file name and URL), the http response code and the website from which you are visiting us. The logged data is used exclusively for the purposes of data security, in particular to defend against attempts to attack our web server (Art. 6 para. 1 f GDPR). They are neither used for the creation of individual user profiles nor passed on to third parties and are deleted after 7 days at the latest. We reserve the right to statistically evaluate anonymous data records.</li>
  <li>**Miscellaneous:** Additional personal data, such as your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address, are not recorded unless you provide this information voluntarily. Here you will find further information on the subject of newsletters (2).</li>
</ol>

## 7. Is my usage behaviour evaluated, e.g. for advertising, tracking?

There is no evaluation of usage behaviour for advertising, tracking or similar purposes. Cookies are not beeing used.

## 8. Services provided by other companies that provide their services as responsible parties

There are no used services by other companies.

**© Deutsche Telekom AG**
