packages/storybook-vue/stories/components/segmented-button/segmented-button.md, before:

<div style="display: inline-flex; align-items: center; justify-content: space-between; width: 100%;">
    <h1>Segmented Button</h1>
    <img src="assets/beta.png" alt="Beta Component" />
</div>

Segmented buttons make it easier for users to filter content, select options, or change views.

## General

A segmented button can consist of two to five selection options, where the options always belong to a common category. Selecting both single and multiple options is possible.

![Image Name](assets/3_components/segmented-button/SegmentedButton-Text_Only_1.png)

### When to use

Use a segmented button to:

- display selected filters,
- offer functions like sorting content or changing views, or
- provide input options.

### When not to use

Don’t use a segmented button when:

- there are more than five selection options,
- the options are not logically related,
- actions should be triggered (e.g., editing, adding, or deleting), or
- the view should switch between separate content (use tabs instead).

## Basic types

### Single selection

![Image Name](assets/3_components/segmented-button/SegmentedButton-Single_Select.png)

As with the Radio Button Group, users can only select one option. One option is always preselected. If necessary, specify a neutral option – for example "All" to override the set filters.

### Multiple selection

![Image Name](assets/3_components/segmented-button/SegmentedButton-Multiselect.png)

As with Check Box Groups, users can also select multiple options. Multiple selections are typically used to filter content.

## Variants

### Text only

![Image Name](assets/3_components/segmented-button/SegmentedButton-Text_Only_1.png)

A text that describes the option is ideal for most use cases. In the selected state, add a checkmark icon to the segmented button.

### Icon and text

![Image Name](assets/3_components/segmented-button/SegmentedButton-Text_Icon.png)

Add appropriate icons to clarify options (optional). In the selected state, a checkmark icon replaces the previously displayed icon.

### Icon only

![Image Name](assets/3_components/segmented-button/Icon_Only.png)

If the icon clearly refers to the action, you can omit the text. In this case, set an aria-label for the screen reader.
By default, icons are used in the outline variant. Flat icons indicate a selected status.

## Sizes

![Image Name](assets/3_components/segmented-button/SegmentedButton-Sizes.png)

Segmented buttons are available in three different sizes:

- Small
- Medium
- Large

The segment with the longest label dictates the width of all segments. If necessary, you can switch the segmented button to the full width of the area

## Disabled state

![Image Name](assets/3_components/segmented-button/SegmentedButton-Disabled.png)

If an interaction is temporarily unavailable, you can deactivate the entire component or just individual segments of the segmented button.

## Elements

![Image Name](assets/3_components/segmented-button/SegmentedButton-Elements-2.png)

### Group label (1) (optional)

Choose a short descriptive title for the whole group (for example, "Sort by" or "Distance").

### Container (2)

The container visually summarizes all the options or fields of a segmented button into a group.

### Segment (3)

Each selection is represented as a segment. With a multiple selection, group adjacent selected segments together.

### Icon (4) (optional)

The icon either supports the label to illustrate the content or replaces the text as a standalone variant.

### Label (5)

The label describes individual choices and should be short and precise.

## Best practice

- Don’t mix variants: text only, text and icon, or icon only.
- Use short and clear labels.
- Offer a neutral option, for example to disable filters and sorting.
- Use the full width option on mobile devices and make sure the total width doesn't exceed the smallest display size (320 px).

## Examples

![Image Name](assets/3_components/segmented-button/SegmentedButton-Filter-list.png)

![Image Name](assets/3_components/segmented-button/SegmentedButton-SortBy-Price.png)

![Image Name](assets/3_components/segmented-button/Map.png)

## Related components

[Tab Navigation](?path=/usage/components-tab-navigation--text-icon),
[Button](?path=/usage/components-button--standard),
[Radio Button Group](?path=/usage/components-radio-button-group--standard),
[Checkbox Group](?path=/usage/components-checkbox-group--standard),
[Chip](?path=/usage/beta-components-chip--standard),
[Icon Button](?path=/usage/components-button--icon-only)

Commit message:

feat: adding beta component paragraph to segmented button and chip

packages/storybook-vue/stories/components/segmented-button/segmented-button.md, after:

<div style="display: inline-flex; align-items: center; justify-content: space-between; width: 100%;">
    <h1>Segmented Button</h1>
    <img src="assets/beta.png" alt="Beta Component" />
</div>

Segmented buttons make it easier for users to filter content, select options, or change views.

## General

A segmented button can consist of two to five selection options, where the options always belong to a common category. Selecting both single and multiple options is possible.

![Image Name](assets/3_components/segmented-button/SegmentedButton-Text_Only_1.png)

### When to use

Use a segmented button to:

- display selected filters,
- offer functions like sorting content or changing views, or
- provide input options.

### When not to use

Don’t use a segmented button when:

- there are more than five selection options,
- the options are not logically related,
- actions should be triggered (e.g., editing, adding, or deleting), or
- the view should switch between separate content (use tabs instead).

## Basic types

### Single selection

![Image Name](assets/3_components/segmented-button/SegmentedButton-Single_Select.png)

As with the Radio Button Group, users can only select one option. One option is always preselected. If necessary, specify a neutral option – for example "All" to override the set filters.

### Multiple selection

![Image Name](assets/3_components/segmented-button/SegmentedButton-Multiselect.png)

As with Check Box Groups, users can also select multiple options. Multiple selections are typically used to filter content.

## Variants

### Text only

![Image Name](assets/3_components/segmented-button/SegmentedButton-Text_Only_1.png)

A text that describes the option is ideal for most use cases. In the selected state, add a checkmark icon to the segmented button.

### Icon and text

![Image Name](assets/3_components/segmented-button/SegmentedButton-Text_Icon.png)

Add appropriate icons to clarify options (optional). In the selected state, a checkmark icon replaces the previously displayed icon.

### Icon only

![Image Name](assets/3_components/segmented-button/Icon_Only.png)

If the icon clearly refers to the action, you can omit the text. In this case, set an aria-label for the screen reader.
By default, icons are used in the outline variant. Flat icons indicate a selected status.

## Sizes

![Image Name](assets/3_components/segmented-button/SegmentedButton-Sizes.png)

Segmented buttons are available in three different sizes:

- Small
- Medium
- Large

The segment with the longest label dictates the width of all segments. If necessary, you can switch the segmented button to the full width of the area

## Disabled state

![Image Name](assets/3_components/segmented-button/SegmentedButton-Disabled.png)

If an interaction is temporarily unavailable, you can deactivate the entire component or just individual segments of the segmented button.

## Elements

![Image Name](assets/3_components/segmented-button/SegmentedButton-Elements-2.png)

### Group label (1) (optional)

Choose a short descriptive title for the whole group (for example, "Sort by" or "Distance").

### Container (2)

The container visually summarizes all the options or fields of a segmented button into a group.

### Segment (3)

Each selection is represented as a segment. With a multiple selection, group adjacent selected segments together.

### Icon (4) (optional)

The icon either supports the label to illustrate the content or replaces the text as a standalone variant.

### Label (5)

The label describes individual choices and should be short and precise.

## Best practice

- Don’t mix variants: text only, text and icon, or icon only.
- Use short and clear labels.
- Offer a neutral option, for example to disable filters and sorting.
- Use the full width option on mobile devices and make sure the total width doesn't exceed the smallest display size (320 px).

## Examples

![Image Name](assets/3_components/segmented-button/SegmentedButton-Filter-list.png)

![Image Name](assets/3_components/segmented-button/SegmentedButton-SortBy-Price.png)

![Image Name](assets/3_components/segmented-button/Map.png)

## Beta components

This component is still in the beta phase. When testing it, keep in mind that it may not have gone through all quality control measures, and it may not yet have WCAG accessibility certification. There may be changes to this component in the future.

## Related components

[Tab Navigation](?path=/usage/components-tab-navigation--text-icon),
[Button](?path=/usage/components-button--standard),
[Radio Button Group](?path=/usage/components-radio-button-group--standard),
[Checkbox Group](?path=/usage/components-checkbox-group--standard),
[Chip](?path=/usage/beta-components-chip--standard),
[Icon Button](?path=/usage/components-button--icon-only)
