# Customization and Themes  

Most Scale components use the shadow DOM to encapsulate styles, so you can't modify their styles by targeting them with a plain CSS selector. To allow for customization, however, each component exposes a set of **scoped CSS variables** and **shadow parts**.

Customization is possible at different levels. For instance, you can:

- customize a single instance of a component,
- *extend* or create a new "variant" of a component, or
- create a theme that groups a set of customizations.

By default, components are styled using Scale's design tokens. These are CSS variables defined in `:root` in the `scale-components.css` file. When customizing elements, always try and use a limited set of design tokens – either the system's, your own, or both – to keep your UI consistent.

To learn more about CSS custom properties (also called variables) and shadow parts, please refer to:

- [Using CSS custom properties (variables) on MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Using_CSS_custom_properties)
- [A user's guide to CSS variables by Lea Verou](https://increment.com/frontend/a-users-guide-to-css-variables/)
- [::part on MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::part)
- [CSS Shadow Parts spec draft at W3C](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-shadow-parts-1/#part)

## Customization options

### Component-scoped variables

You can overwrite a component's variables in your CSS.

```css
scale-button {
  --radius: 0;
}
```

Creating variants is also possible by grouping overwrites in a CSS selector, like a class or an attribute.

```html
<style>
  scale-button.squared {
    --radius: 0;
  }
</style>

<scale-button class="squared">Sign in</scale-button>
```

An attribute doesn't need to exist in the component for you to use it as a selector; you can use anything as long as it's a valid CSS selector.

```html
<style>
  scale-button[variant="squared"] {
    --radius: 0;
  }
</style>

<scale-button variant="squared">Sign in</scale-button>
```

If you need to customize a single instance, you can inline it:

```html
<scale-button style="--radius: 0">Sign out</scale-button>
```

### Shadow Parts

Shadow parts make it possible to target internal elements of a component directly via the [` ::part` pseudo-element selector](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::part).

```css
scale-button::part(base) {
  border-radius: 0;
}
```

It's possible to apply the same idea of a variant.

```css
scale-button[variant="squared"]::part(base) {
  border-radius: 0;
  background: var(--scl-color-green-80);
}

scale-button[variant="squared"]::part(base):hover {
  background: var(--scl-color-green-100);
}
```

Bear in mind that the `::part` selector is limited exclusively to a single element; you can’t target descendants and siblings or chain it.

### Themes

When we group a set of style customization under the scope of a CSS class, we create a theme we can activate as easily as adding that class to the body of the document.

There is no Scale standard or default theme, only the design tokens that represent the system.

As an example:

```css
<style>
  .theme-example {
    --scl-color-primary: limegreen;
    --scl-color-primary-hover: seagreen;
    --scl-color-primary-active: green;
  }

  .theme-example scale-button,
  .theme-example scale-tag,
  .theme-example scale-card {
    --radius: 2em;
  }

  .theme-example scale-button[variant="plain"]::part(base) {
    background: transparent;
    border: 2px solid currentColor;
  }
</style>

<body class="theme-example">
```

Overriding design tokens isn’t recommended, but sometimes it can make things easier depending on what you're trying to achieve. Creating your own tokens, and using them in your theme, is encouraged when the tokens from Scale are not enough to satisfy your UI needs.
